IIT Jodhpur Home Page
  A+ A A-   

   हिन्दी  | Sitemap

Computer Science & Engineering Slider 6

Previous
Nextpause
Welcome to the Department of Computer Science & Engineering
Computer Science and Engineering, today, plays a major role in transforming every aspect of human life - in addressing social challenges and catalyzing the ongoing wave of the industrial revolution. The department is driven by its commitment to excel in next generation technology development and research. Our mission is to strengthen industry-academia collaborations and prepare our students to contribute to multi-disciplinary projects and R&D for solving problems of national interest.

Vision
To be among the top 10 departments in terms of research contributions, practical impact, and applications of Computer Science and Engineering in the country in the next 3 years, and internationally well known in some focused areas in the next 5 years. Some of our missions are to achieve excellence in research in fundamental as well as applied areas of CSE and allied subject for innovative discoveries; develop an academic ecosystem by collaborating; and develop and support the notion of “computing for all” across disciplines at the institute.



Mission
Our missions are to achieve excellence in research in fundamental as well as applied areas of CSE and allied subject for innovative discoveries; develop an academic ecosystem by collaborating; and develop and support the notion of “computing for all” across disciplines at the institute.

(M1) Achieving excellence in research in fundamental as well as applied areas of CSE and allied subjects for innovative discoveries.
(M2) Develop an academic ecosystem by collaborating within the institute, as well by means of international, national and regional institutes. The collaborations may be fostered by research visits, collaborative projects, joint thesis, internship guidance, research mentoring etc.
(M3) Develop and support the notion of “computing for all” across disciplines at the institute.
(M4) Embracing shared dialogue across disciplines and encouraging experiential learning to redefine the contours of traditional Computer Science teaching and learning. Be one of the leading departments in the country for hybrid CSE education.
(M5) Define and solve real-world problems in collaboration with industry, and develop industry- connect by means of research grants/ consultancies, and collaborative projects. Develop Start-up ecosystem in emerging areas of computing in collaboration with other departments at IIT Jodhpur.
(M6) Dissemination of knowledge without physical boundaries, i.e. classroom, online and other modes of teaching, to create a workforce which is ready to ethically solve technological challenges of the next generation.
(M7) Provide thought leadership in public policy and ethics of emerging computing technologies towards building an equitable and ethical society.
News & Events
View all news
Highlights
View all highlights
















Announcements
View all announcements
Important links
CCCD @ IITJ
Recruitment
Correspondence
RTI
Tenders
Techscape
Contact
Old Website
NCCR Portal
How To Reach IITJ
Institute Repository
Donations
Web Policy
Web Information Manager
Feedback
CERT-IN
Help
NIRF
Internal Committee
Intranet Links
IIT Jodhpur Facebook Page
IIT Jodhpur Twitter Page
IIT Jodhpur You tube Channel
IIT Jodhpur Instagram Page
IIT Jodhpur Linkedin Page
G20 India 2023
75 Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav
Prime Minister's Research Fellowship (PMRF)
Vidya Lakshmi Fulfilling Educational Aspirations
National Commission for Women (NCW) Helpline
National Anti-Ragging Monitoring Agency
india.gov.in National portal of India
Copyright © 2025 All Rights Reserved | This Portal is Owned, Designed, and Developed by Digital Infrastructure & Automation, IIT Jodhpur.  N.H. 62, Nagaur Road, Karwar, Jodhpur - 342030, Rajasthan (India)

For any comments/enquiries/feedback, please email the WIM.

Last Updated : 20 Mar 2026 - 01:10 PM
arrow_downward
