IIT Jodhpur Home Page
  A+ A A-   

   हिन्दी  | Sitemap

MBA and MBA-Tech Admissions 26-28

Previous
Nextpause
The Tree of Knowledge and Technology at IIT Jodhpur Campus
About IIT Jodhpur
Indian Institute of Technology Jodhpur was established in 2008, to foster technology education and research in India. The Institute is committed to technological thought and action to benefit the economic development of India. Scholarship in teaching and learning; Scholarship in research and creative accomplishments; and relevance to Industry are three driving forces for us at IIT Jodhpur.

IIT Jodhpur functions from its sprawling residential Permanent Campus of 852 acres on National Highway 65, north-northwest of Jodhpur towards Nagaur. This campus is meticulously planned and envisioned to stand as a symbol of academics – simple, but deep.

Discover More about IITJ
Highlight
View All Highlights
















 MBA Admission 2026-28: CAT Cut-off for the Personal Interview  MBA 2026–28 Admissions date extended!  Extension Notice for the post of Registrar, Advt. No: 62. (  155 KB  )  Advertisement for the post of Registrar (on Tenure/Deputation), IIT Jodhpur  Extension of application deadline for Empanelment of Advocate(s)/Law Firm(s) at IIT Jodhpur (  333 KB)
Latest News
View All News
















Announcement
View All Announcements
Event
View All Events








Key Functionaries
Shri A. S. Kiran Kumar
Shri A. S. Kiran Kumar
Chairman, BoG

Prof. Avinash Kumar Agarwal
Prof. Avinash Kumar Agarwal
Director

Student Life at IIT Jodhpur

Student life at IIT Jodhpur is vibrant and enriching, offering a perfect blend of academic learning and extracurricular activities. With a focus on holistic development, the institute provides numerous opportunities for students to explore their interests and talents beyond the classroom.

The institute also emphasizes the importance of community service and social responsibility, encouraging students to engage in various outreach programs and initiatives that benefit society.

Discover More about Student Life at IITJ
Important links
CCCD @ IITJ
Recruitment
Correspondence
RTI
Tenders
Techscape
Contact
Old Website
NCCR Portal
How To Reach IITJ
Institute Repository
Donations
Web Policy
Web Information Manager
Feedback
CERT-IN
Help
NIRF
Internal Committee
Intranet Links
IIT Jodhpur Facebook Page
IIT Jodhpur Twitter Page
IIT Jodhpur You tube Channel
IIT Jodhpur Instagram Page
IIT Jodhpur Linkedin Page
G20 India 2023
75 Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav
Prime Minister's Research Fellowship (PMRF)
Vidya Lakshmi Fulfilling Educational Aspirations
National Commission for Women (NCW) Helpline
National Anti-Ragging Monitoring Agency
india.gov.in National portal of India
Copyright © 2025 All Rights Reserved | This Portal is Owned, Designed, and Developed by Digital Infrastructure & Automation, IIT Jodhpur.  N.H. 62, Nagaur Road, Karwar, Jodhpur - 342030, Rajasthan (India)

For any comments/enquiries/feedback, please email the WIM.

Last Updated : 19 Mar 2026 - 04:38 PM
arrow_downward
Accessibility options Ctrl+F2


Bigger Text

Smaller Text

Text Spacing

Line Height

Dyslexia Friendly

ADHD Mode

Saturation


Light-Dark

Invert Colors

Highlight Links

Text To Speech

Cursor

Pause Animation

Hide Images

Reset All Settings
Created by
Ctrl+F2icon
Accessibility Options
